launchbase
==========

grub
http://www.gnu.org/software/grub/grub.html

cypherpunks
https://lists.cpunks.org/mailman/listinfo/cypherpunks

bitcoin-dev
https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/mailman/listinfo/bitcoin-dev

hashcash
http://www.hashcash.org

hashcash-org
https://github.com/hashcash-org/hashcash

nakamotoinsritute.org
https://nakamotoinstitute.org

RPOW
https://github.com/NakamotoInstitute/RPOW

hal finney
https://github.com/halfinney/bc_key

proof of work
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_of_work

crypto++
https://github.com/weidai11/cryptopp

pycryptopp   
https://tahoe-lafs.org/trac/pycryptopp

bitcoin wiki
https://en.bitcoin.it

genesis block
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Genesis_block

satoshi unit
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Satoshi_(unit)

utxo   
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unspent_transaction_output

bitcoin addresses
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Technical_background_of_version_1_Bitcoin_addresses

bitcoin sourceforge
https://sourceforge.net/p/bitcoin/mailman/message/21312004/

wxwidgets
https://github.com/wxWidgets/wxPython-Classic

bitcoin github
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin

bitcoin core
https://doxygen.bitcoincore.org/

bitcoin core review
https://bitcoincore.reviews

bitcoin core benchmark
https://codespeed.bitcoinperf.com/changes/

bitcoin core dev meetbot
http://www.erisian.com.au/meetbot/bitcoin-core-dev/

bitcoin.org            
https://bitcoin.org

bitcoin forum.org
https://bitcointalk.org/

bitcoin api
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Original_Bitcoin_client/API_calls_list

bitcoin network graph
http://bitcoin.sipa.be/

bitcoin mempool statistics     
https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#0,24h

bitcoin performance monitor
https://github.com/chaincodelabs/bitcoinperf

bitcoin mining distribution
https://github.com/in3rsha/bitcoin-mining-distribution

blockchain info
https://blockchain.info

blockchain explorer
https://www.blockchain.com/explorer

blockchain exploter github
https://github.com/nondejus/blockchain.info

bitcoinwisdom
https://bitcoinwisdom.io/

bitcoin-cli cpp
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/src/bitcoin-cli.cpp

getpeerinfo
https://bitcoin-rpc.github.io/en/doc/0.17.99/rpc/network/getpeerinfo/

bitnodes.io
https://bitnodes.io/

bitnodes 
https://github.com/nondejus/bitnodes

bitcoin testnet
https://github.com/freewil/bitcoin-testnet-box

bitcoin cve list
https://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-12094/Bitcoin.html

bitcoin bips
https://github.com/bitcoin/bips

satoshilabs slips
https://github.com/satoshilabs/slips

irc freenode: #bitcoin-core-dev
https://bitcoincore.org/en/meetings/

gitian      
https://gitian.org

libvirt
https://github.com/libvirt/libvirt

bitcoin
https://cs.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin

json
https://www.json.org/json-en.html

json rpc
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/API_reference_(JSON-RPC)

dumb block explorer
https://bitcoin.jonasschnelli.ch/explorer/

difficulty    
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Difficulty

bitcoin halving
https://www.bitcoinhalving.com/talks/what-is-the-halving-with-amiti-uttarwar

leveldb
https://bitcoin.org/en/release/v0.8.1#how-to-upgrade

clinfo
https://github.com/nondejus/clinfo

mempool dat
https://godoc.org/github.com/0xB10C/mempool-dat/lib

amd catalyst opencl 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radeon_HD_5000_series

nvidia cuda
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CUDA

x64dbg
https://github.com/nondejus/x64dbg

remote rpc pooled mining (2010-12-24)
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1458.0

puddinpop bitcoin remote rpc
http://www.mediafire.com/file/ve608cl5mk1ka3l/bitcoin-remote-rpc-20110227-src.zip/file

opencl bitcoin miner
https://github.com/tcatm/oclminer

bitcoin getwork
https://github.com/m0mchil/bitcoin-getwork

poclbm
https://github.com/m0mchil/poclbm

poclbm gui
https://github.com/Kiv/poclbm

cpuminer
https://github.com/jgarzik/cpuminer

diablominer
https://github.com/Diablo-D3/DiabloMiner

rpcminer mod
https://github.com/colinrgodsey/rpcminer-mod

cgminer
https://github.com/ckolivas/cgminer

bfgminer
https://github.com/luke-jr/bfgminer

bitcoin abe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitcoin-abe/bitcoin-abe/master/README.md

libbitcoin tutorial
https://github.com/nondejus/LibbitcoinTutorial

libbitcoin
https://github.com/libbitcoin/libbitcoin-system

electrum
https://github.com/spesmilo/electrum

btcd
https://github.com/btcsuite/btcd

bitcoin blockchain insight
https://insight.bitpay.com

bitcoin wayback
http://web.archive.org/web/20130120064812/http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin

block 0
http://web.archive.org/web/20130114015639/http://blockexplorer.com/block/000000000019d6689c085ae165831e934ff763ae46a2a6c172b3f1b60a8ce26f

vanitygen
https://github.com/samr7/vanitygen

vanitysearch
https://github.com/JeanLucPons/VanitySearch

script 
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script

miniscript 
https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-miniscript

taproot workshop
https://github.com/bitcoinops/taproot-workshop

taproot review
https://github.com/ajtowns/taproot-review

bitcoin dev kit
https://bitcoindevkit.org/

bitcoin wireshark
https://github.com/jnewbery/bitcoin-wireshark

bc seedtool cli
https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/bc-seedtool-cli

heartbleed vulnerability bitcoin
https://www.elliptic.co/our-thinking/heartbleed-vulnerability-bitcoin-cryptography

colored coins wiki
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Colored_Coins

colored coins sdk
https://github.com/Colored-Coins/colored-coins-sdk

uasf
https://github.com/OPUASF/UASF

namecoin 
https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core

litecoin.org
https://github.com/litecoin-project/litecoin

litecoin scrypt     
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrypt

cpuminer
https://github.com/pooler/cpuminer

rpcmined mod (win)
https://github.com/cdmackie/rpcminer-mod

bitcoinica
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bitcoinica

bitcoinica press release
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/w6xen/bitcoinica_press_release/

riseup
https://riseup.net/en/about-us/press/fbi-seizes-anonymous-remailer

agoristradio
https://github.com/AgoristRadio/RealityExploitRoundtable

ghostguns
https://github.com/ghostguns/80lower

dhs mtgox warrant
https://github.com/therealplato/dhs-mtgox-warrant

mtgox 
https://www.mtgox.com 

mtgox wiki
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mt._Gox

intersango 
https://github.com/nondejus/intersango

virwox       
https://www.virwox.com

virxow wiki
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/VirWoX

iran bitcoin
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Iran_bitcoin

btc-e
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/BTC-e

btc-e api
https://github.com/CodeReclaimers/btce-api

satoshi dice
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Satoshi_Dice

satoshidice.com
https://satoshidice.com

bitcoinmagazine
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/guides

coindesk
https://www.coindesk.com/

bitcoinbook 
https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook

blockbook
https://github.com/trezor/blockbook

reddit javascript bitcoin library
https://github.com/reddit-archive/fullnode

blocksize limit
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Block_size_limit_controversy#:~:text=Originally%2C%20Bitcoin's%20block%20size%20was,into%20Bitcoin%20by%20Satoshi%20Nakamoto.

coursera crypto 1
https://www.coursera.org/learn/crypto

coursera crypto 2
https://www.coursera.org/learn/crypto2

coursera algorithms part1
https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part1

coursera algorithms part1
https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part2

courseraresearchexports
https://github.com/coursera/courseraresearchexports

algs4
https://github.com/kevin-wayne/algs4

managed infrastructure for building on blockchain networks
https://www.bloq.com/

medium
https://medium.com/

bitcoin atm
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin_ATM

pyton bitcoin server/node
https://github.com/mikegogulski/caesure

bitlaundy   
https://web.archive.org/web/20120418065531/http://app.bitlaundry.com/

bitcoin-otc     
https://bitcoin-otc.com/

gribble
https://github.com/nanotube/supybot_fixes

bitcoin market monitor
https://github.com/nanotube/supybot-bitcoin-marketmonitor

GOdl
https://github.com/HOdlcoin/GOdl

dash
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dash_(cryptocurrency)

cryptonote
https://github.com/cryptonotefoundation/cryptonote

nbitcoin
https://github.com/MetacoSA/NBitcoin

blender
https://github.com/blender/blender

coinjoin
https://github.com/calafou/coinjoin

libbitcoin
https://github.com/genjix/libbitcoin-c-wrapper

getwork 
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Getwork

opentimestamps
https://github.com/opentimestamps/python-opentimestamps

base58 check
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Base58Check_encoding
 
libbase58
https://github.com/luke-jr/libbase58

double soending
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-spending

openssl
https://gist.github.com/nondejus/40c3f671d8a1c3615603d3fd1b06d092

heartbleed PoC 
https://github.com/nondejus/heartbleed-PoC

dusting attack 
https://academy.binance.com/security/what-is-a-dusting-attack%3famp=1

secp256k1
https://github.com/sipa/secp256k1

poclbm 
https://github.com/m0mchil/poclbm

bitcoinrpc
https://github.com/jgarzik/python-bitcoinrpc

timelock
https://github.com/petertodd/timelock

bitcoinseeder
https://github.com/sipa/bitcoin-seeder

bitcoin abe
https://github.com/bitcoin-abe/bitcoin-abe

bitcoin and liquid explorer
https://github.com/Blockstream/esplora

blockchair
https://blockchair.com/bitcoin/mempool/transactions

zcash observatory
https://github.com/Electric-Coin-Company/observatory

cgminer
https://github.com/ckolivas/cgminer

genesisblockzero
https://github.com/Gnaf/GenesisBlockZero

genesishd
https://github.com/lhartikk/GenesisH0

genesiscreator
https://github.com/ahmedbodi/python-genesiscreator

freicoin
https://github.com/freicoin/freicoin

primecoin.io
https://github.com/primecoin/primecoin

primecoin
https://github.com/primecoin/primecoin

cuda-rsa
https://github.com/dmatlack/cuda-rsa

reaper prime
https://github.com/nondejus/Reaper_prime

bitcoin scalability
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin_scalability_problem

bitcoinxt
https://github.com/gavinandresen/bitcoinxt

ozcoin
https://github.com/shadowoneau/ozcoin

craig wright.net
https://craigwright.net/

bitcoin sv
https://wiki.bitcoinsv.io/index.php/Main_Page

coinjar
https://www.coinjar.com/eu/

bitcoin cash
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin_Cash

bitcoin abc
https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoin-abc

bitcoin unlimited
https://github.com/BitcoinUnlimited/BitcoinUnlimited

instawalket
https://github.com/finway-china/django-bitcoin-instawallet

coinomi
https://www.coinomi.com

mimblewimble
https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin

darkwallet
https://github.com/darkwallet/darkwallet

Blockstream Green Development Kit
https://github.com/nondejus/gdk

localbitcoins.com
https://localbitcoins.com/

butterfly labs
https://www.google.com/amp/s/en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Amp/Butterfly_Labs

bitcoingold.org
https://github.com/BTCGPU/BTCGPU

samouraiwallet
https://samouraiwallet.com/

gnupg
https://github.com/gpg/gnupg

gnu zrtp c++
https://github.com/nondejus/ZRTPCPP

privatebin
https://github.com/nondejus/PrivateBin

trezor hardware design
https://github.com/trezor/trezor-hw

nano-x
https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledger-nano-s

sha2
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2

bitcoin mining pencil and paper
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=y3dqhixzGVo

bitcoin miningsim
https://github.com/gavinandresen/bitcoin_miningsim

sha256 animation
https://github.com/nondejus/sha256-animation

special hash
https://ehash.iaik.tugraz.at/wiki/Spectral_Hash

rust crypto
https://github.com/RustCrypto

buttelproofs
https://github.com/isislovecruft/bulletproofs

otr
https://github.com/arlolra/otr

weak blocks
https://github.com/rustyrussell/weak-blocks

hashkill
https://github.com/nondejus/hashkill

hashcat
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat

miningcore
https://github.com/ahmedbodi/miningcore

bitcoin pooled mining reward system
https://github.com/nondejus/bitcoin-pooled-mining-reward-system

pushpool
https://github.com/jgarzik/pushpool

mining.bitcoin.cz 
https://web.archive.org/web/20110923151034/http://mining.bitcoin.cz/

slushpool
https://slushpool.com/home/

stratum mining proxy
https://github.com/slush0/stratum-mining-proxy

btcguild
https://web.archive.org/web/20110727214951/http://btcguild.com/

btcguild bitcointalk
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=7760.0

p2ppool
https://github.com/p2pool/p2pool

p2ppool ui
https://github.com/justino/p2pool-ui-punchy

eloipool
https://github.com/luke-jr/eloipool

wizstats
https://github.com/wizkid057/wizstats

btcpool
https://github.com/btccom/btcpool

poolbtc.com
https://pool.btc.com

ghash.io
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghash.io

ckpool 
https://bitbucket.org/ckolivas/ckpool/src/master/

bitcoin 0.9.0 -zapwallettxes (winter 2013, i recieved a small unconfirmed negative balanced bitcoin transaction in my wallet(standard full node) from an eloipool and it locked my whole wallet. (and i wasn't mining on eloipool for months) : patch tnx to bitcoin-dev gmaxwell and jgarzik)
https://bitcoin.org/en/release/v0.9.0#how-to-upgrade

node open mining portal
https://github.com/nondejus/node-open-mining-portal

miningcore
https://github.com/nondejus/miningcore

ether proxy
https://github.com/nondejus/ether-proxy

ethpool
https://github.com/bitmaintech/ethpool-core

stratum v2
https://www.stratumprotocol.org/

braiins
https://github.com/braiins/braiins

coinfloor
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Coinfloor

bitstamp archive
https://web.archive.org/web/20130416034846/https://www.bitstamp.net/

bitstamp 
https://bitstamp.net

cpptrader
https://github.com/nondejus/CppTrader

pax contracts
https://github.com/nondejus/pax-contracts

bitfinex honey framework backtest
https://github.com/nondejus/bfx-hf-backtest

bitfinex honeyfranework server
https://github.com/nondejus/bfx-hf-server

bitfinex honeyframework data server
https://github.com/nondejus/bfx-hf-data-server

gemini
https://github.com/nondejus/gemini-python

bitpanda    
https://github.com/bitpanda-labs/bitpanda-pro-sdk-py

kraken websockets
https://docs.kraken.com/websockets/

huobi
https://github.com/HuobiRDCenter/huobi_Python

bitonic      
https://bitonic.nl/en/

mollie api node
https://github.com/nondejus/mollie-api-node

binance dex
https://github.com/BSathvik/binance-dex

node binance api
https://github.com/nondejus/node-binance-api

open source assets exchange
https://github.com/nondejus/peatio

exchange server
https://github.com/nondejus/viabtc_exchange_server

bithump     
https://m.bithumb.pro

stellarterm
https://github.com/jedmccaleb/stellarterm

coinbase     
https://coinbase.com

uniswap
https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-lib

brian armstrong
https://www.brianarmstrong.org/

gdax     
https://github.com/nondejus/gdax-java

gavin anderson
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gavin_Andresen

bitcoin foundation 
https://m.youtube.com/user/BitcoinFoundation/videos

cat-v sidenote 
http://harmful.cat-v.org/software/c++/I_did_it_for_you_all

MIT digital currency initiative
https://dci.mit.edu/wladimir-van-der-laan

PGP SIGNED MESSAGE
https://pastebin.com/raw/PWcYtqi3

bitcoin code maintain
https://laanwj.github.io/

bitcoin-maintainer-tools
https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-maintainer-tools

bitcoincore
https://doxygen.bitcoincore.org/

conceptnet.iio
http://conceptnet.io/

conceptnet5
https://github.com/nondejus/conceptnet5

bitcoinops taproot
https://github.com/bitcoinops/taproot-workshop

bitcoin optech
https://bitcoinops.org/en/publications/

satoshilabs
https://github.com/satoshilabs/slips

node multi hashing
https://github.com/zone117x/node-multi-hashing

xkcd     
https://xkcd.com/177/

bitcoincharts
https://bitcoincharts.com

sierrachartfeed
https://github.com/slush0/sierrachartfeed

doctl
https://github.com/nondejus/doctl

freedom press
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_Press

blauwe aanslag
https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Blauwe_Aanslag

anarchist bookstore
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bound_Together

history overview
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Category:History

cryptocurrency
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptocurrency

ripple
https://github.com/ripple

xumm sdk
https://github.com/XRPL-Labs/XUMM-SDK

crypto events
https://cryptoevents.global/bitcoin-blockchain-conferences-in-europe/

caitlinf long  
https://caitlin-long.com/about-caitlin/

steamr
https://github.com/nondejus/streamr-client-java

smart contract
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smart_contract

ethereum
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum

pos
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_of_stake

pos eth
https://eth.wiki/en/concepts/proof-of-stake-faqs

ethereum
https://github.com/ethereum

sha3
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-3

keccak
https://github.com/nondejus/keccak

ethash
https://github.com/ethereum/ethash

gavin wood
http://gavwood.com/

ethereum wiki
https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Standardized_Contract_APIs/499c882f3ec123537fc2fccd57eaa29e6032fe4a

ethereum forum
https://ethereum-magicians.org/

cbc casper
https://github.com/ethereum/cbc-casper/wiki

erc20 token
https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-20.md

busd contract
https://github.com/nondejus/busd-contract

compound-protocol
https://github.com/nondejus/compound-protocol

ethminer
https://github.com/ethereum-mining/ethminer

progpow
https://github.com/nondejus/ProgPOW

go-etheteum
https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum

long range attack
https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/05/15/long-range-attacks-the-serious-problem-with-adaptive-proof-of-work/

ethereum istanbul
https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1679

ethereum txpool
https://txpool.zengo.com/#0,24h

ethereum dissectors
https://github.com/ConsenSys/ethereum-dissectors

ethereum miningpoolhub
https://ethereum.miningpoolhub.com/index.php?page=statistics&action=blocks

walletconnect
https://github.com/shiryakhat/walletconnect-monorepo

ethereumbook
https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook

substrate
https://github.com/paritytech/substrate

polkadot
https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot

kusama
https://kusama.network/

telemetry
https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#/Polkadot

synthetix
https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix

openzeppelin contracts
https://github.com/nondejus/openzeppelin-contracts

DeFi
https://github.com/nondejus/defi-sdk

karma
https://github.com/sirin-labs/karma.js

district0x
https://district0x.io/

menefactory
https://github.com/nondejus/memefactory

magical cryptofriends
https://www.magicalcryptofriends.com/about

openzkp
https://github.com/0xProject/OpenZKP

bitcoingold
https://bitcoingold.org/

confidential transactions
https://elementsproject.org/features/confidential-transactions

bitcoins in space
https://www.prlog.org/12313639-bitcoins-in-space-one-step-closer.html

spacechain
https://spacechain.com

satellite
https://github.com/Blockstream/satellite

spacechainos
https://github.com/spacechain/SpaceChainOS

bitcoin mining in space
https://petertodd.org/2017/bitcoin-mining-space-hard-sci-fi

liquid
https://github.com/ElementsProject/elements

Green Development Kit
https://github.com/Blockstream/gdk

aqua wallet
https://github.com/Blockstream/aqua_ios

c-lightning
https://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning

lightningnetwork
https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd

authorize.net in-app-payments
https://github.com/nondejus/accept-sdk-ios

chia           
https://www.chia.net

chia bip 158
https://github.com/Chia-Network/chiabip158

bittorrent v2
https://blog.libtorrent.org/2020/09/bittorrent-v2/

ipfs
https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs#system-requirements

libra wiki
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libra_(digital_currency)

libra
https://github.com/libra/libra

lnbook
https://github.com/cdecker/lnbook

gnark
https://github.com/ConsenSys/gnark

simplicity
https://github.com/ElementsProject/simplicity

ecb
https://github.com/expersso/ecb

quantitative easing
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantitative_easing
